Integrate Cardano: add Exchange Integrations (#1470)
cardano-foundation/developer-portal: docs/integrate-cardano/exchange-integrations.md

## Integration Components

- [**cardano-rosetta-java**](https://github.com/cardano-foundation/cardano-rosetta-java): Cardano Rosetta Java is a lightweight Java implementation of the Coinbase Mesh API (formerly Rosetta) for the Cardano blockchain. This implementation follows the [Mesh API specification](https://docs.cdp.coinbase.com/mesh/docs/api-reference/) and is compatible with the [Mesh CLI](https://docs.cdp.coinbase.com/mesh/docs/mesh-cli/), while including specific extensions to accommodate Cardano's unique features. _(Recommended for exchanges)_
  - Employs standardized APIs commonly used across blockchain platforms, promoting ease of understanding and implementation.
  - Handles tracking, building, and submitting transactions, providing all functionality needed for exchange operations.
  - All-in-one package with Cardano node, Submit API, Mesh API, and Yaci-Store indexer with Postgres database—streamlining your Cardano integration workflow.
:::note

> Rosetta specificaition does not include transaction signing capabilites. This is done  in a separate offline service for best security partices using any signing libraries available. Sampel example using [CSL](https://github.com/Emurgo/cardano-serialization-lib/blob/master/doc/getting-started/singing_rosetta_tx.ts).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rosetta specification does not include transaction signing capabilities. This is done  in a separate offline service for best security practices using any signing libraries available. See example using [CSL](https://github.com/Emurgo/cardano-serialization-lib/blob/master/doc/getting-started/singing_rosetta_tx.ts).  
```
